Good morning, everyone.  My name is Derrick Suarez and this is Classify.  Before we get into the details of what Classify is, and how we built it, let me introduce our team.  I worked on the back end with Chance Eakin and Joey Reyes, while Lisa Battle and John Flores handled the front end.
   Classify is a CMS, or Content Management System.  The idea was to create a way for teachers to be able to easily generate websites for their students, and populate that site with content of their choosing.  I’ll let my teammates go into more detail about the user’s experience via the demonstration, but I’d like to outline the technologies that we used to help develop our product.
   On the front end, for structure, we used the templating language Handlebars to be able to serve dynamic content.  For styles, we used the Materialize library.  We used jQuery to interact with elements on the DOM, and AJAX calls, as well as HTTP form methods, to communicate with our RESTful API.
   On the back end, we used Node.js, along with Express, to set up our server software and listen for routes.  We used a SQL database with Sequelize commands to interact with that database.  We used a Node package called bcrypt to encrypt passwords and authenticate users.  We made use of MVC architecture with a central controller requiring our other modularized controllers.  For our server environment, we set up a Digital Ocean Droplet, running Linux Ubuntu, with nginx server technology to handle the incoming HTTP requests.  From this point, I’ll let my teammates take over with the rest of the presentation.  Thank you!